#summary Guidelines for adding primitives.

=File Naming=
  * Files containing primitives begin with a prefix of p`_`. Supporting code shared by primitives and internal function calls of the game belong in a similarly named file without the p`_` prefix.
  * Always use one of the existing p`_` files if what you're working on belongs in one of the existing categories. New files generally shouldn't be added unless you're adding a major feature.
  * All p`_` files should define the following shared variables:
  {{{
extern struct inst *oper1 = NULL, *oper2 = NULL, *oper3 = NULL, *oper4 = NULL;
extern struct inst temp1, temp2, temp3;
}}}

=Implicit Variables=
`PRIM_PROTOTYPE` define the following pass-in variables, which are available to all primitives:
{{{
dbref player
dbref program
int mlev
struct inst *pc
struct inst *arg
int *top
struct frame *fr
}}}

=Coding Conventions=
  * Functions defining primitives should have a "void" return type, begin with a prefix of prim`_`, and a supplied parameter of `(PRIM_PROTOTYPE)`.
  * Always check the number of args on the stack before doing anything else. This is done with CHECKOP(#). Even if your primitive accepts no parameters, you should still use CHECKOP(0).
  * If your primitive needs to access data on the stack, you need to `POP()` them off the stack. `POP()` returns a `struct inst` pointer which can be stored in one of the pre-defined `oper` variables.
  {{{
oper1 = POP();
oper2 = POP();
}}}
  * Every item from the stack you `POP()` *must* be fed to `CLEAR(struct *inst)` before the function exits. Failure to do so introduces memory leaks to the server!
  * Type check the `->type` of every `oper` you `POP()` from the stack and `abort_interp("someerror (#)")` if you get something you don't expect. The error message should indicate the input parameter with the invalid data type, and it should number them from left to right. (number 1 would be the *last* stack item you `POP()`'d) 
  * Use the `DoNullInd(struct *shared_string)` macro to safely retrieve the value of `oper->data.string` when the `->type` is `PROG_STRING`. This returns an empty string instead of a null pointer (which you should never dereference) if the string is empty.
  * If your primitive returns data to the stack (most should), this should done via one of the following macros:
  {{{
PushObject(int dbref)
PushInt(int integer)
PushFloat(long integer)
PushLock(struct *boolexp)
PushTrueLock()
PushMark()
PushStrRaw(struct inst *string)
PushString(char *string)
PushNullStr()
PushArrayRaw(struct inst *stk_array)
PushNullArray()
PushInst(struct inst *instruction) /* for pushing a raw inst */
}}}
  * `Push`ing data to the stack between calls to `CLEAR()` can have unexpected results. `CLEAR()` first, then `Push`.